Since last time:

I've ran Click+Blackadder with the 'sample' config. (click: "src/sample.conf", TM: "TopologyManager/topology.graphml")

I've ran the "samples" publisher/subscriber, which works. (This is further than I was before)
I can't run the "video_streaming" example.
	Library calls in Topology Manager (and samples) fail with "Operation not permitted" when ran without sudo.
	When I run this example with sudo, the 'list of videos' works, but VLC (on both publisher/subscriber) fails with "not supposed to be run as root".
	This is currently "user level" click, if that matters.

I've ran the deployment tool with 'single node' changed to my name/IP.
	The deployment tool creates the correct files. ("/tmp/00000001.conf", "/tmp/topology.graphml")
	Click hasn't started:
		"click" doesn't show up in running processes.
		(sudo) programs fail with "Connection Refused".
I've ran Click+Blackadder manually with these files, then (sudo) programs and samples work as before.

I haven't attempted virtual machines/2 instances yet, since I think I'm making a mistake with the 'sudo' thing.
--
I've built Blackadder + NS3. (This is further than I was before)

The included simulations reference files user "pursuit" has that I don't, so fail to run.
I've ran the deployment tool to make a simulation from the 'single node' config.
	This created the equivalent of those files on my PC.
	This new simulation won't work for anyone else - might attempt making my finished ones self contained.
I've ran this new simulation.
--
I've just received the wiki's full "Blackadder on OpenWRT" instructions from Dirk (Only that page, the rest still requires an account/being part of PURSUIT), so I can start that.
I have OpenWRT working on a router from before, but I'll try the specific version if I run into problems.
--

Overall
- More things are working than last time.
- I'll need some help with the "sudo" issue. Is 'kernel level' required for the video example?

- Currently attempting 'Blackadder on OpenWRT' with the full instructions.
- Looking into the format for 2 nodes or project scenarios as config files (Should be OK myself)
	(same ones can work for virtual-machine test, project simulations, project demo)
